All That Remains of what was once a
classroom before Israel's war now
schools have become regular targets for
the
military there was an explosion and lots
of Sparks and then the wall fell on us
this is the eighth School Israel has
bombed in 2 weeks it says there are
Hamas command Cent used to plan attacks
against Israeli
soldiers but for Des Palestinians this
school in the sh neighborhood of Gaza
City served as a temporary
home some came in search of shelter but
are leaving wrapped in
blankets others are still looking for
somewhere
safe parking cars to the brim after
Israeli forces issued new evacuation
orders for nine areas in
hunas warning they would force ly
operate against Palestinian Fighters
there it hasn't been two days since we
went back to ban sua oh world have mercy
on us have mercy on our children look at
what is happening to us by the time we
reach an area the Israelis warn us to
leave as if it were their own land the
whole world is watching the world must
act and find a solution to our
Agony after attacks on Al refugee camp
in central Gaza dozens of injured people
are brought to overc crowded
hospitals in the past few days Israeli
forces have bombed areas in the north
south and center of the Gaza Strip the
latest evacuation orders are causing
panic among Palestinians because with
Israeli repeatedly targeting socalled
safe zones there's no guarantee they
will be safe where they go next hind Al
jaaz kenun Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler